1. Soccer game.
2. Divided into an organizational part and a match part.
3. The match part is divided into server and client.
4. Server handles the physics calculations and the movement calculations of the match.
5. Server is started at the beginning of a match.
6. Clients connect to the server at the beginning of a match.
7. A client may reside on the same computer as the server.
8. There is a process that handles AI.
9. AI connects to the server like other clients.
10. During match, clients send movement and control data to the server.
11. During match, AI also sends movement data of the AI players to the server.
12. AI also handles the rules and the referee AI.
13. Physics part sends game information constantly to all the clients, including AI.
14. The clients receive initial match data after connecting to the server.
15. The clients (including AI) must tell the server which player(s) they control.
16. The server process as well as the AI process are started by the organizational part.
17. In single player mode, also the client process is started by the organizational part.
18. The server process gets the match data from a temporary file created by the organizational part.
19. The organizational part gets the match data after the match from a temporary file created by the server process.
20. The server process quits after the match, when either all the clients have been disconnected or after a timeout (5 minutes/300 seconds, configurable).
21. The server sends the clients "delta data" very fast (20..60 FPS) and the actual data (without delta) ("update data" as a precaution with longer intervals (once per second).
22. The delta data sent from server to the clients during the match includes player and ball positions.
23. The update data sent from server to the clients includes match score, time and match status.
24. The data sent from the client to the server includes the controlled player id, actions made by the player and miscellaneous data (chat messages, pausing the game).
25. Miscellaneous data can be sent using bindings or system console.
26. The server is able to accept clients during the whole match.
27. The server assigns clients to the players as they connect.
28. Clients that signal they should not be assigned to any player or clients saying they should be assigned to a player that already has another client assigned are spectators.
29. If a client disconnects during the match (times out), the corresponding player (if any) is temporarily injured. If the client doesn't reconnect during a certain time (the time interval is configurable), the player is substituted by the coach for another (possibly AI) player.
30. The server updates the match state continuously and in regular intervals (60 FPS).
31. If the server sends delta data to a client faster the client can process it, the client can ask the server to lower the rate with which the server sends the data.
32. After a client has connected with the server, the client must tell the server when it's ready for the match.
33. The server won't start the match until all the clients are connected (all players have a client (or AI) assigned to them) and have signaled they are ready.
34. The server keeps accepting connections in case a client needs to reconnect or spectators connect.

