1. Result generation based on sum of general player ratings of the clubs
2. Result generation based on club lineup, strengths on different areas on
   the pitch and tactics
2a. Long balls, width in attack, counter attacks, area strengths:
    -> Number of goals
    Strength on central middlefield and no width in attack or
    strength on side middlefield and width in attack and
    less opponent strength on width in defense and that area
    of the pitch ->
    rating of central defense against forwards -> goals
    -> long balls, counter attacks, goalkeeper neglected
3. Event generation based on club lineup, players on different areas on
   the pitch, tactics, player skills and personality
3a. Long balls, width in attack, counter attacks,
    player skills:
    -> Number of goal chances
    Player skills:
    -> Number of shots on goal
    Player skills:
    -> Number of goals
3b. A try by club A:
    1. Defenders have the ball
    2. Either long ball to forwards or pass to midfielders
     Long ball: control, heading, dexterity by forwards
     Pass to midfielders: either to the wings or central, depending on width 
      in attack: defenders' passing, receivers' control
    3. Wingers have ball: cross to the forwards: heading, control, dexterity
       by forwards; passing, shooting, speed by wingers
    4. Central midfielders have ball: passing, stamina, speed, control by
       midfielders; control, speed by forwards
    5. Forwards have ball: shooting, accuracy, heading, control, dexterity, 
       speed by forwards
    Defensive action:
    Players on the respective area of the pitch: tackling, speed, dexterity, 
    heading; goalkeeper: goalkeeping
3c. When defensive skills overweigh offensive skills, the defending club
    gets the ball and the initiative
3d. Excellency in certain skills of a player against the opposing player
    in that area lead to higher success probability (e.g. speed on wingers)
3e. Stamina is a general skill that affects general performance with emphasis
    on later game
3f. Counter attacks save stamina, reducing the negative effect by stamina
3g. Area strengths are neglected, but individual player skills are taken into
    account when the ball is in the specific area
3h. Each time when match activity in the specific area is simulated, the
    player/one of the players in the area is taken into account
3i. Injuries happen at random
3j. Standard situations happen at random
3k. A goal is possible from a standard situation based on forward and 
    middlefielder heading and shooting
3l. Yellow and red cards happen at random (player aggressivity is taken
    into account)
4. Soccer match simulation
